check out this week's must-see movies
what is that I think that might be my
sister the blair witch is back haunting
theaters in this super scary
supernatural sequel oh yeah diary sort
of a sunny story in Bridget Jones baby
our favorite lonely heart is sporting a
baby bump and facing a big decision
which of you is the father I'm why do
you want to join the CIA or intent
suspense check out Oliver Stone's
Snowden a political thriller based on
true events surrounding the NSA
surveillance scandal you have a wish
people let's check out this week's fan
tissa patient so what's your weekend
ticket going to be let us know by
commenting see you next time on weekend
ticket